So that's the set.
And why is that handy.
Well it's handy if you like the example I gave before I need to store values and kind of an array.
But you need to make sure that they're unique because for example IDs which are allowed to access certain
parts of your application on your page.
Well then you won't really want to store them once and with a traditional array.
You yourself would have to check if this value is already inside of the array.
Now if set you don't have to you just add it and if it's already there done fine it's omitted.
And if it wasn't there then it is actually added.
So that's where the set really comes in handy.
And therefore map and said really two great additions with good which give you a lot more flexibility
.